So you guys are looking for the iPad 2 today?
Yes, we're wanting to get the 64 gig with
the white color.
And so you're here for the iPad 2?
Absolutely.
Yeah, so you getting excited?
I'm getting stoked, not gonna lie. I'm getting
stoked about it.
So what are you most looking forward to with
the iPad 2?
The biggest thing for me is the ability to
record video
and use iMovie because I'm a staff writer
for the fourth largest sports website.
Oh okay.
And I cover MMA so I travel across the country
doing events
and stuff and the ability to be able to record
and
have iMovie right there and edit video and
everything
is going to come in really handy for me.
So have you guys owned iPads before I'm guessing?
Nope this is the first time.
Oh really?
Yeah yeah. iPods of course.
Yeah that's great.
Have the first generation iPad?
No I've never had the first generation this
is my first iPad,
decided to see all the possibilties, see what
all the hype is about.
What's your perference, you looking for a
black one or a white one
or Wi-Fi, 3G what are you thinking?
I want a 64 gig white Wi-Fi.
Yeah? That seems pretty popular. A lot of
people are wanting the white one.
Yeah, just because it's different, because
everyone had the black one, so you know?
Absolutely, absolutely.
You don't want to blend into the crowd nowadays.
I figured why not, go for it, my laptop is
getting a little old
so I need a little upgrade and this will be
something good on the go.
So you know, it's real light to carry around,
slick.
So what exactly made you want to come out
here and
stand in line for your first iPad?
Well I've been wanting to get an iPad for
quite a while
and knew that they would be coming out with
a new one around this year
this time of the year so just kind of been
waiting for it,
wanted to get it on the first day.
So have you been a big Apple fan for a while,
or?
Actually the only Apple products I've ever
owned before this
was an iPhone and then once I bought my first
iPad
I liked it and decided that, you know, I'd
get the iPad 2
so it's a really handy device whenever you
know
whenever I can't lug my big laptop all over
the place.
So you've been a big Apple fan before, or?
Oh yeah, used to have the iPhone, big follower
of Apple
I like how easy everything is to use,
I love their interface, I love everything
about Apple,
big Apple fan.